two thing heavy as was the action defense of your photo you clicked spoke
that it would kill if it did not give the first steps also when the
police arrived four cessation as soon as he joined the club
looks at the union with the sale of honey because she who accompanied me and she also
My mother, my father, is responsible for being here today.
ef
So, she talked about Brazil.
the goalkeeper victor silva in October before the kills
is the protagonist of rg and has more
vettel
for me the Flemish today the river has always been a lot in my life
I started here since in 2007 the network unit
today I'm going to have my head in place and it looks like I was seven years old
certain revealed many people many employees perigar liquid since
small
in it then this premier is very rewarding to be very important
in india to specialize in porto feliz-sp you return to flamengo
so this than for me port
All right, the idea of ​​being sent into space with the return of neymar
is that if accompanied with the games of the fla one does not have clues of where one has
preference for some plate mate
just as it is going to take place in the long term of a year
the categories of the first one soon after having it with me more
on the other side completely
the environment will also enter with full steam
he assured us that we will not congratulate him for the moment
it was very cool
I hope to count
it was also too fast too much to leave power
but together with the group
and this player
very motivated and
I hope to be in the past we expect the course
because it gives me the opportunity to play to mention that I have
also conquer my space is not so came to the starting lineup I do not think
that has to conquer a rich space in the conquest obviously that I do not
want to leave and he wants the team that now he chose the new companion
Another thing that happened when they were Paul
without cycling and some who did not want to be called emperor after
go back said you wanted here in Flemish you want to continue being
called emperor is the best wins with this is São Paulo
I was talking to my lifespan a lot of problems
in italy he said that he did not want to be called emperor anymore
prefers to know if you call gabriel category
You want to conquer that
but I saw that the pressure was meiji andré adriane alderman toninho do
glory
the acp I conquered the human being with a lot of sweat renner
with a lot of honesty I never went over anyone was with a lot of fighting
if I tell you that today but he is manipulated I think so
I'm not going to lie I'm not very clear person that without power were games
that I conquered and no use but will the scheme of attack and videos
responsibility but the advice given is great in her with the adriano the emperor
same thing and such